Cheers, cheers,
How grand was the auction held by Mr. Consumers?
Well, please come in
Hey, Jiang Ming, what's going on here?
What else are you preparing?
Hello, Jiang Ming, you actually drew my phone number?
Why is this young lady even holding hands?
Whose sister is this, so beautiful?
I don’t know, it seems quite thoughtful,
Which family is this guy from?
What's the best way to call it?
Is there such a thing?
Maybe I saw it wrong
What are you thinking about?
How did you put Mao Guzi down with this eldest sister?
Although you are so angry
But there is no need to call yourself an orphan.
Who do you think is the eldest sister?
The orphan Mao I'm talking about is you
Who is this person?
Why are the roads so rough?
talking to a little girl
The way you came is not bad, but I think you are ruthless
Everyone, ice carvings
Her mother will tell her to start
Please take a seat.